Add justification for classifier based Python interpreter version check (#218)
thoth-station/thoth-station.github.io: _j/trove_py.md

---
title: No Python specific trove classifier matching Python version used
---

> Package maintainer did not state Python version used as a compatible version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python package version used is not listed in the list of compatible versions by the package maintainer.
```

Author: Thanks, applied 👍🏻
